The emperor is fine
Go down yeah
What the hell is going on?
Why is there wisteria in your sachet?
Your Majesty, this wisteria grass will make the Supreme Emperor commit rubella
I dare not use it in the palace on weekdays
No one dared to bring the wisteria grass into the Nitrate Cloud Palace
The princess put wisteria in the sachet
Didn't you take the opportunity to kill the Supreme Emperor?
Princess, you are so brave
Father is really not daughter-in-law
When the daughter-in-law and the prince greeted the supreme emperor
The emperor did not send troops
It shows that there is no wisteria in this sachet.
Ah!
Ah, that's him!
Princess Qi touched my sachet before
You poisonous woman
Everyone is sick
I want to frame others
At that time, Princess Chu fell
And just kindly help him
He didn't touch the sachet.
Please also ask the father to learn
Go, you princess of Chu
You can't come
I dare to frame you. What can I say now?
If father is really daughter-in-law
Before Nagamiya came in
The daughter-in-law should dispose of the wisteria
Why should I keep it waiting to be investigated?
What happened to Princess Chu before has disappeared
I never hated you, I just wanted royal harmony
You are extremely kind to me
Or hold a grudge
But he should not have murdered his grandfather
This great sin
Put it on my head.
Kill people
Do you still want to kill your heart?
Hello
I know you are filial
But what Princess Chu said also makes sense
Father Emperor Father Emperor
The son just remembered
This sachet with wisteria belongs to my son
Recent children's headaches
So in the sachet with wisteria pill
I took it off when I invited An Huang Zuofu
It should be in the side hall
I got it wrong with Yuan Qingling
You talk nonsense, shut up
This has nothing to do with Princess Qi
Shen Erchen and Yuan Qingling are rash
Please punish the father